Add feature dotted border for Rectangle (#772)
embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics: CHANGELOG.md

- [#767](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/767) Added `load` and `store` methods to `RawData` trait.
- [#767](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/767) Added `MASK` constant to `RawData` trait.
- [#768](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/768) Added 8bit `Rgb332` support.

> - [#772](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/772) Added feature dotted border (through the `stroke_style` helper), implemented for `Rectangle`.

Reviewer: Why do you call `stroke_style` a "helper"?
```suggestion
- [#772](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/772) Added `PrimitiveStyle::stroke_style` property to draw dotted borders (currently only supported for `Rectangle`).
```
